Add steps to use ESC with Pulumi IaC (#3482)
pulumi/registry: themes/default/content/registry/packages/google-native/installation-configuration.md

* `GOOGLE_PROJECT` - The default project for new resources, if one is not specified when creating a resource
* `GOOGLE_REGION` - The default region for new resources, if one is not specified when creating a resource
* `GOOGLE_ZONE` - The default zone for new resources, if one is not specified when creating a resource.

### Dynamically generate credentials

> In addition to configuring the GCP provider locally, you also have the option to centralize your configurations using [Pulumi ESC (Environments, Secrets, and Configuration)](/docs/pulumi-cloud/esc/). Using this service will enable you to run Pulumi CLI commands with dynamically generated credentials, removing the need to configure and manage your credentials locally.

Reviewer: Last time---should we say "Google Native provider" instead of "GCP provider"?

> In addition to configuring the GCP provider locally, you also have the option to centralize your configurations using [Pulumi ESC (Environments, Secrets, and Configuration)](/docs/pulumi-cloud/esc/). Using this service will enable you to run Pulumi CLI commands with dynamically generated credentials, removing the need to configure and manage your credentials locally.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition to configuring the Google Native provider locally, you also have the option to centralize your configurations using [Pulumi ESC (Environments, Secrets, and Configuration)](/docs/pulumi-cloud/esc/). Using this service will enable you to run Pulumi CLI commands with dynamically generated credentials, removing the need to configure and manage your credentials locally.
```

To do this, you will need to complete the following steps:

#### Configure OIDC between Pulumi and GCP

Refer to the [Configuring OpenID Connect for GCP Guide](/docs/pulumi-cloud/oidc/gcp/) for the step-by-step process on how to do this.

### [Optional] Move Pulumi config to your ESC environment

You can centralize your Pulumi configuration using Pulumi ESC. You can define and expose environment variables as shown below:

```yaml
values:
  gcp:
    login:
      fn::open::gcp-login:
        project: <your-project-id>
        oidc:
          workloadPoolId: <your-pool-id>
          providerId: <your-provider-id>
          serviceAccount: <your-service-account>
  pulumiConfig:
    gcp:accessToken: ${gcp.login.accessToken}
  environmentVariables:
    GOOGLE_PROJECT: ${gcp.login.project}
    GOOGLE_REGION: <your-region>
    GOOGLE_ZONE: <your-zone>
```

{{< notes type="warning" >}}
Your GCP access token must always be defined under the `pulumiConfig` section. The deployment will fail if it is defined as an environment variable in the `environmentVariables` section.
{{< /notes >}}

> To [expose configuration values to Pulumi IaC](/docs/pulumi-cloud/esc/environments/#projecting-pulumi-config), you will need to add any desired values underneath the `pulumiConfig` key. Further, if your workflow does not require the exposure of environment variables, you can also define those variables under the `pulumiConfig` block as shown below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To [expose configuration values to Pulumi IaC](/docs/pulumi-cloud/esc/environments/#using-environments-with-pulumi-iac), you will need to add any desired values underneath the `pulumiConfig` key. Further, if your workflow does not require the exposure of environment variables, you can also define those variables under the `pulumiConfig` block as shown below:
```
